https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.atom?sort=-trending                       # Luke Smith Videos
https://notrelated.libsyn.com/rss                                                   # Luke Smith NotRelated
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml                                                       # Luke Smith Blog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA        # Mental Outlaw 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw        # ThePrimeagen
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss                                                    # Hacker News
https://stallman.org/rss/rss.xml                                                    # Richard Stallman
https://www.reddit.com/r/gnu/.rss                                                   # GNU
https://www.reddit.com/r/freesoftware/.rss                                          # Freesoftware
https://boards.4channel.org/g/index.rss                                             # Technology
https://planet.gnu.org/rss20.xml                                                    # GNU
https://planet.gentoo.org/universe/atom.xml                                         # Gentoo
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/                                               # Arch
https://tutanota.com/blog/feed.xml                                                  # Tutanota
https://protonmail.com/blog/feed/                                                   # ProtonMail
https://blog.torproject.org/rss.xml                                                 # Tor Project
https://suckless.org/atom.xml                                                       # Suckless.org
https://neovim.io/news.xml                                                          # Neovim
https://www.docker.com/blog/feed/                                                   # Docker
https://kubernetes.io/feed.xml                                                      # K8S 
https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/feed/                                     # TypeScript
https://openjsf.org/feed/                                                           # OpenJS
https://blog.angular.io/feed                                                        # Angular
https://nodejs.org/en/feed/releases.xml                                             # Node.js 
